Add docs for SSO changes (#1373)
memgraph/documentation: pages/database-management/authentication-and-authorization/auth-system-integrations.mdx

Often time access and id token will the use the same audience. For example in MS Entra ID both tokens use the client ID as audience.

> ##### Connecting via Neo4j drivers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Connect via Neo4j drivers
```

> When connecting via a driver, you can choose not to use the ID token and pass only the access token.
> In general, all connection schemes will follow the same pattern - setting only the scheme and credentials.
> For the scheme, pass the scheme you are using - `oidc-entra-id`, `oidc-okta`, or `custom`. For the credentials
> pass a string in the format `access_token=token-data;id_token=token-data` if you do not wish to use the id_token
> just omit it in the string - `access_token=token-data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting through a driver, you can choose to provide only the access token and skip the ID token.
In general, all connection methods follow the same approach: setting only the **scheme** and **credentials**.
- **Scheme**: Use the scheme that applies to your setup (`oidc-entra-id`, `oidc-okta` or `custom`) 
- **Credentials**: Provide them as a string in this format:
```access_token=token-data;id_token=token-data``` 
If you don't want to include the ID token, simply omit it:
```access_token=token-data``` 
```
